feat (#1207) document changes on start_from property (#1208)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/reference/app-settings/schedules.md

|`name`|A unique string label that is used to identify the schedule. Spaces are allowed.|yes|
|`summary`|Short description of the of the schedule.|no|
|`description`|A narrative for the schedule.|no|

> |`start_from`|The base date from which the `messages[].offset` is added to determine when to send individual messages. You could specify any property on the report that contains a date value. Starting 4.5.0, array of property names is also supported; in this case, first non-undefined field is used. The default is `reported_date`, which is when the report was submitted.|no|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`start_from`|The base date from which the `messages[].offset` is added to determine when to send individual messages. You could specify any property on the report that contains a date value. Starting from 4.5.0, an array of property names is also supported; in this case, the first defined field is used. The default is `reported_date`, which is when the report was submitted.|no|
```

    }
]
```

> Following sample schedules a message for 270 days from `lmp_date`. If `lmp_date` doesn't exist on report, it will schedule a message for 270 days from `fields.lmp_date`. If both fields don't exist, it will create schedule from `reported_date`. This feature on `start_from` is supported from CHT 4.5.0+. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sample schedules a message for 270 days from `lmp_date`. If `lmp_date` doesn't exist on report, it will schedule a message for 270 days from `fields.lmp_date`. If neither field exists, it will create schedule from `reported_date`. Using an array for `start_from` is supported from CHT 4.5.0+. 
```
